it's amazing to meet you it is simply
extraordinary
maybe this will all make sense if I
explain Who I am my name is dr. Ellie
staple and I'm a psychiatrist my work
concerns in a particular type of
delusion of grandeur it's a growing
field I specialize in those individuals
who believe they are superheroes good
for you the three of you have convinced
yourselves you have extraordinary gifts
like something out of a comic book David
Dunn the only person to survive that
trainwreck all those years ago what do
you do I'm in security you think you
have superpowers
it's a feeling vision I have to touch
them you believe you are a protector
my name is Patricia I have no question
there are two dozen identities I'm Mary
Reynolds we almost got to rope that live
in that body with you it'd be common any
minute now for you guys but what I am
questioning is your belief that you are
something more than human and yet it is
true my bones break easily and I've had
94 breaks in my life but you have an
extraordinary IQ this is not a cartoon
this is the real world no way and yet
some of us still don't die with bullets
some of us can still bend steel
I've been waiting for world to see that
we exist may I'll meet the Beast I hope
for your sake that he likes you that
sounds like the bad guys
taming up a lot of people are going to
die don't do this are you ready
what do we call you sir first name mr.
lastname
[Music]